[FLINK-20628] RabbitMQ Connector using FLIP-27 Source API (#1)
apache/flink-connector-rabbitmq: flink-connector-rabbitmq/src/main/java/org/apache/flink/connector/rabbitmq/sink/README.md

# License of the RabbitMQ Connector

Flink's RabbitMQ connector defines a Maven dependency on the
"RabbitMQ AMQP Java Client", is triple-licensed under the Mozilla Public License 1.1 ("MPL"),
the GNU General Public License version 2 ("GPL") and the Apache License version 2 ("ASL").

Flink itself neither reuses source code from the "RabbitMQ AMQP Java Client"
nor packages binaries from the "RabbitMQ AMQP Java Client".

> Users that create and publish derivative work based on Flink's
> RabbitMQ connector (thereby re-distributing the "RabbitMQ AMQP Java Client")
> must be aware that this may be subject to conditions declared in the
> Mozilla Public License 1.1 ("MPL"), the GNU General Public License version 2 ("GPL")
> and the Apache License version 2 ("ASL").

Reviewer: This belongs into a NOTICE, both contained in the source release and jars.

```suggestion
Users that create and publish derivative work based on Flink's
RabbitMQ connector (thereby re-distributing the "RabbitMQ AMQP Java Client")
must be aware that this is subject to conditions declared in either the
Mozilla Public License 1.1 ("MPL"), the GNU General Public License version 2 ("GPL")
OR the Apache License version 2 ("ASL").
```

Additionally this needs clarification that users can _choose_ which license they use for the derivative work.
